1. As a manager, I want to access a list of foods below the threshold 
level, so that I can see what needs to be restocked.

2. As a manager, I want to search the name of a volunteer so that I can 
remove a specific volunteer

3. As a manager, I want to be able to search volunteers by name, so that 
I can easily remove them.

4. As a user, after logging in I want to be brought to a page that 
displays the different actions that I can take
so that I can easily access parts of the app required to fulfill my 
responsibilities

5. As a user on the login page, I want to see an option to 
recover my username or password, so that I can easily recover access to 
my account.

6. As a manager or a volunteer, on my hub page, I want to be taken to a 
page to edit my profile so that I can add a picture and update my 
personal information

7. as a  user, I want the app to remember my username and password so I 
can login quickly

8. As a manager, I want to be logged out after an hour of inactivity, so 
that we can maintain security

9.  As a manager, from my hub page, I want to click a button to be taken 
to a list of volunteers

10. As a manager, from the list of volunteers, I want to click on 
individual users and be shown their contact information and a button to 
remove them from the list

11. so that I can easily contact volunteers and remove them if they are 
no longer working

12. As a manager, I want to be notified daily of items under the 
threshold level, so that I can keep track of what needs to be done.

13. As a volunteer, on my hub page, I want to see options to launch a 
page to search current inventory, so that I can see what's in stock

14. As a volunteer or a manager, on my hub page, I want to see options 
to launch a page to search current inventory, so that I can see what's 
in stock

15. as a user, I want a light theme so that I can see the app while 
working in the warehouse

16. As a volunteer, on my hub page, I want to see a button to launch the 
part of the app that allows me to distribute  current inventory

17. As a volunteer, when recording donations, I want to be able to 
record what items were donated, how much, and the donor's information so 
that the system can be updated with new items and donors

18. As a volunteer on the record donations page, I want to be able to 
record donations of multiple types of items, so that I only have to 
record once per donor

19. 
